c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\bin\Debug\MDIDemo.exe.config
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\bin\Debug\MDIDemo.exe
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\bin\Debug\MDIDemo.pdb
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Form1.resources
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.exe
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.pdb
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Alta.resources
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Edicion.resources
c:\users\leazlaptop\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\bin\Debug\MDIDemo.exe.config
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.exe
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.pdb
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\bin\Debug\MDIDemo.exe
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\bin\Debug\MDIDemo.pdb
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Alta.resources
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Edicion.resources
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Form1.resources
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\leaz_\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MDIDemo\MDIDemo\obj\Debug\MDIDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
